**-----The question of the project-----**

Ayush likes to view images on reddit but doesn't like the UI much. He
likes images from r/pics subreddit. He wants to build a frontend only
app to view images from the subreddit. Make it for him.

**-----*A little background story-Things I had to search up for this
project*-----**

In this project,we basically need to make a front-end website for
viewing images.First, I searched about what exactly is meant by *Front
End* and *Back End* of a website.

**-----So basically,what is the *front end* of a website?-----**

The Front End of the website is the part of the website that the user
interacts with.These are the background colors of the website,the font
of different letters, drop down menus, the images and so on.So this
basically means the architecture of the website( which must be pleasant
for the user to like it) and also the user-facing code.

**------How is the *front end* prepared?-----**

Basically,for preparing the front-end of a website we require two very
important coding languages-HTML(Hypertext Markedup Language) and
CSS(Cascading Style Sheet).Apart from that we also require
JavaScript.Apart from that,the front end developers need to be familiar
with frameworks like Bootstrap,Foundation and so on.

**-----Now the most fascinating part-What is the *back end* of a
website??-----**

The back end of a website consists of a server, an application, and a
database. A back-end developer builds and maintains the technology that
powers those components which, together, enable the user-facing side of
the website to even exist in the first place.In order to make the
server, application, and database communicate with each other, back-end
devs use server-side languages like PHP, Python, Java, and to build an
application, and tools like MySQL, Oracle, and SQL Server to find, save,
or change data and serve it back to the user in front-end code.So
basically, the *back-end* of a website stored relevant information about
different people logging in ,their address and whatever required.

**-----What did I learn apart from all these-----**

Apart from the general things of how actually a website functions,I
learn't a lot about the usage of JavaScript while building up websites.
So, I learnt about the jQuery library and some of it's very important
functions. So basically jQuery is a library of JavaScript which makes
coding a lot of complicated things easier with the use of a lot of
in-built functions. The most important function which I needed in this
project was AJAX function for calling a .json file.
